---
layout: courses
---

<section id="comp5210">
<div class="COMP5210">
<h1>COMP.5210 - Web Application Implementation - S1 - TG - 2018</h1><br>
<h3>Course Aim:</h3>
    <p>The aim of this course is to provide students with the skills to select and useappropriatdevelopment methodologies, develop user interfaces using software developmentstandardscreate scripted components to given specification, and install and configure frameworksanapplications.</p>
<br>
<h3>Learning Outcomes:</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Select an appropriate software development paradigm.</li>
        <li>Use software development standards to implement a user interface.</li>
        <li>Install and configure a web-based solution using web scripting.</li>
        <li>Initialise system data.</li>
    </ul>
<h3>Topics:</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Software development paradigms (such as: agile and structured).</li>
        <li>Software development standards (such as: standardised and/or in-house coding standards)li>
        <li>User experience implementation including user interface (UI), HCI principles and        universaccessibility.</li>
        <li>Client side scripting (such as: JavaScript, cascading style sheets (CSS) and HTML).</li>
        <li>Selection of appropriate framework features and addressing security concerns by usiframework        plug-ins.</li>
        <li>Server side scripting (such as: html and SQL) which does not undermine security.</li>
        <li>Installation and configuration of solutions.</li>
        <li>Initial data input and exports from existing systems.</li>
    </ul>
<br>
<table style="width:100%">
    <tr>
      <th>Assessment</th>
      <th>Requirements</th> 
      <th>Due Date</th>
      <th>Weighting</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assessment 1</td>
      <td>User Experience development Assignment</td>
      <td>12/04/2018</td>
      <td>30%</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assessment 2</td>
      <td>Test</td>
      <td>15/05/2018</td>
      <td>30%</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assessment 3</td>
      <td>Project</td>
      <td>19/06/2018</td>
      <td>40%</td>
    </tr>
</table>
<br>
<h3>Assignments:</h3>
    <p>Assignment 1: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/fold1ZJvvepqHpzf-EdsQrCJXiXMOs0E6fAci</p>
    <p>Assignment 2: (Test Taken in class) </p>
    <p>Assignment 3: https://bitbucket.org/marisaamy/10002444-5210-assign2/src/master/</p>    
</div>
</section>
<br>